# Stars and Bars Blog

This repository contains the HTML and CSS source for [my blog](https://stars-and-bars.net).

## Site Content

The latest version of the site itself, as hosted, can be found in `site-generation/website` folder. Note that the HTML provided in that folder is autogenerated and not neatly formatted to be human read.

## Site Generation

I generate the HTML for each page using the OCaml code found in `site-generation`.

This project contains a simple HTML DSL, the HTML for the specific webpages that need to be generated, representation types for each blog post, the code to convert those posts into HTML, the post content itself and a generator for the RSS feed.

For regenerating the site, a `makefile` is included in which I use `make install` to compile and link the code and `make run` to run the code which will will update all the `.html` files in the `website` folder.

`postContent.ml` contains the actual content of each post and changing this will causes changes reflected within the `.html` files.

The `website` folder contains some files which are not autogenerated and replaced, such as `stylesheet.css` (this is something I will autogenerate from code at some point), images and fonts. I also manually create the folder within posts for each new post before running the code.

In general, styling is done through bootstrap classes specified in the HTML at the point when it is generated, or through a standard stylesheet included on every webpage. The stylesheet styles according to the HTML tag, rather than a specified class, so that the HTML generation can be as simple as possible. For example, the article tag is used for representing a blog post, and the subelements of the article are styled with the CSS. That way, when the HTML is generated, it simply converts a title, paragraph, subtitle, etc into a corresponding HTML tag.

## Dependencies and Links

The site generation code has a dependency on my custom standard library for OCaml which can be found [here](https://github.com/aaron-jack-manning/ocaml-standard-library).

A lot of the images generated for the blog are drawn using a tool I created called [Mathil](https://github.com/aaron-jack-manning/mathil). The source code for the images can be found in the `image-source-code` folder.

If you are interested in using the computer modern LaTeX font on a website just as I did, [this](https://checkmyworking.com/cm-web-fonts/) is a great resource.
